docs(appium): add helper tools section in the ecosystem doc (#18621)
appium/appium: packages/appium/docs/en/ecosystem/index.md

    If you maintain an Appium plugin that you would like to be listed in the Appium docs, feel free
    to make a PR to add it to this section with a link to the documentation for the plugin.

## Helper tools

> These tools are to help Appium as part of Appium ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following tools might also be useful for Appium users:
```

|Name|Description|Supported By|
|---|---|---|

> |[appium-installer](https://github.com/AppiumTestDistribution/appium-installer)|Help setting up Appium running environment for Android and iOS|`@AppiumTestDistribution`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[appium-installer](https://github.com/AppiumTestDistribution/appium-installer)|Help set up an Appium environment for Android and iOS|`@AppiumTestDistribution`|
```
